Update for Powerview Gen3 support (#31134)
home-assistant/home-assistant.github.io: source/_integrations/hunterdouglas_powerview.markdown

- Select
- Sensor

{% include integrations/config_flow.md %}

> ## Hub Capabilities

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Hub capabilities
```
I realize heading style caps are used elsewhere on this page. But in general we use sentence-style capitalization also in headings.

### Generation 1 + 2

Generation 1 and 2 hubs work better with Home Assistant when all calls are made directly via the Powerview application or Home Assistant itself.

Generation 1 and 2 Pebble remotes use proprietary Bluetooth Low Energy (PLE) and do not report shade position changes back to the hub.

This will result in the shade positioning displayed within Home Assistant being incorrect.

<div class="note">
Calling the update entity service (`homeassistant.update_entity`) on a shade entity will trigger the hub to awaken a shade and report its current position.

[An example automation is available](#force-update-shade-position) below for mains powered shades. While the automation will work for battery-powered shades, it will quickly drain the batteries for these devices.
</div>

### Generation 3

Generation 3 introduced RF Radio Pebble Remotes.

> Generation 3 shades report position changes back to the hub automatically and should not require any additional automations or considerations for positioning to appear correctly in Home Assistant.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Generation 3 shades report position changes back to the hub automatically. They should appear correctly in Home Assistant without requiring any additional automations or considerations for positioning.
```

## Shades

<div class="note">

> Your shades may still make work even if not listed. If you encounter issues please raise a feature request on the community forum.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Your shades may still make work even if not listed. If you encounter issues, please raise a feature request on the community forum.
```
